README.md, before:

# Robot-Simulator

###The aim is to have a 2D visual toolset to visualize algorithms. The goal is not super clear. However, having puzzles that talk back makes sense to the fun types.

### Under this is markdown practice in the hopes of making a fool out of myself only this time.

- [ ] @mentions, #refs, [links](), **formatting**, and <del>tags</del> supported
- [ ] Read 2D mapping paper
- [x] Make the ball controllable by arrow keys
- [ ] Learn keras basics 
- [ ] Maybe make it 3D and do A* 3D
- [ ] Practice a few common algorithms
- [ ] Get odometry on motors
- [ ] Apply self driving car concepts to it, localization?!
- [ ] Finish Al's book because it's that good
- [ ] Make a mapping between where to put shapes on grid and a grid to run A*

* Run A*
* put collision detection in
* artificially test implementation of the 2D mapping paper

1. discrete math
1. mech eng problems
1. algs for a future robot since I always get stopped running out of parts

[GitHub](http://github.com)
[Markdown Link](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

From Jordan Peterson:
> When you educate someone, you teach them how to use language to arm them, straighten them out, organize them, elevate them and you ennoble them, and then they're not misshapen half-carved blocks of humanity – people that can stand up, stand around and maneuver through the world, contribute properly to the community and keep the world oriented between chaos and order.

```python
def getAfterIt(manyArgs):
	Begin()
	AggressiveAction()
	CoverAndMove()
	return None
```

Commit message:

Sobel operators on image input, examples and working functions

README.md, after:

# Robot-Simulator

###The aim is to have a 2D visual toolset to visualize algorithms and to get the algorithms working prior to putting them on an autonomous robot (map construction, computer vision, path finding). The goal is not super clear. However, having puzzles that talk back makes sense to the fun types.

### Under this is markdown practice in the hopes of making a fool out of myself only this time.

- [ ] @mentions, #refs, [links](), **formatting**, and <del>tags</del> supported
- [ ] Read 2D mapping paper
- [x] Make the ball controllable by arrow keys
- [x] Learn keras basics 
- [ ] Maybe make it 3D and do A* 3D
- [ ] Practice a few common algorithms
- [ ] Get odometry on motors
- [ ] Apply self driving car concepts to it, localization?!
- [x] Make a mapping between where to put shapes on grid and a grid to run A*

* put collision detection in
* artificially test implementation of the 2D mapping paper


[GitHub](http://github.com)
[Markdown Link](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

From Jordan Peterson:
> When you educate someone, you teach them how to use language to arm them, straighten them out, organize them, elevate them and you ennoble them, and then they're not misshapen half-carved blocks of humanity – people that can stand up, stand around and maneuver through the world, contribute properly to the community and keep the world oriented between chaos and order.

```python
def getAfterIt(manyArgs):
	Begin()
	AggressiveAction()
	CoverAndMove()
	return None
```
